all right welcome back and I'm not going
to show you how gotten resources works
you get this hammer you pressing C will
open up this type of little social limit
re call down menu right click will bring
it to the main one here but you usually
start up to here and what you what you
want is this hammer here and by
activating it will give you a scan of
the resources around you and
thirty-three percent here is pretty high
so it's pretty nice we're going to go
four disks so what we want before
calling down the thumper as we want to
set up our base first and just gathering
up the teammates here but setting up my
these first because as soon as you
called on that thumper the enemies girls
start pouring in so you want to make
sure that you're well defended for it
this over here enemies will often drop a
little Chris tight too so it's pretty
nice oh and ammo experience what not so
it's always good to kill as many answers
if you can in order to get those little
extras now the turrets are automatically
shoot at whatever Zealand nearby but you
can actually hit f2 turn the habit
target specific specific spot alright so
we're go ahead and call our thumper here
so go drop it around here well
somebody's already calling it right now
so we'll watch this thumper it's
actually come from the sky it's actually
pretty cool see it right there make sure
never to stand under it you will die
just to warn you anyway so we're putting
it over here so i'ma make sure it's set
up actually a little closer I could heal
up make sure it's take an upgrade and
the action is going to start so because
the moment you start that thumper it's
going to call enemies little creatures
from the ground so that's where you need
to defend it while builds up so you can
see right now the status of it and
integrity you wanna make sure that
integrity stays above zero otherwise the
whole thing's destroyed and you get no
resources for it so always you know make
sure you kill off anything that gets you
know that gets close especially little
creatures that are like blue or red and
whatnot because they have special
elements and will likely to you know
fuck your shit up if you get them to let
them get too close like those little
fire guys they will explode and do
massive damage so want to make sure to
kill them often this is before and don't
let these little guys you know hump your
hump these thumpers they will do nice
damage to it
all right I think it's good
look
nice so sometimes these guys will drop
loot as well so they're up for anyone in
your party to grab sometimes they'll be
picked up automatically so right now
this grenade launcher is doing priya is
doing pretty good so far because as you
can see there's a lot of these little
creatures in tight packs so it's great
to kill them off quickly they can always
switch to my utter to my engineering gun
if I really need to single out a
particular creature like these flying
fuckers alright a language but these
guys are annoying alright but yeah you
can see see those little red targeting
reticles that pop up if i press f
chances are my courage will actually
attack it so very useful for when you
want your turret to actually target an
important enemy they don't do that much
damage but enough that they're pretty
dead helpful well get those guys good
you want to get those fiery guys ASAP
because they'll also actually damage the
creatures around it oh shit so you
always got one of these guys too it's
like kind of the boss shit one of our
team uses down like I got killed killed
shit vinings notice that guy getting
hurt that much let's hurt get my
engineering gun going stay alive
and that thing's almost dead there you
go good I'm sure these things are healed
and her team has complained that we
didn't reza might even know you was down
bad the goal of dis is to get this at a
hundred percent then set it back up in
order to collect the resources
it's brock is good all right now we got
sand off and we get our resources
aw something got lots of resources for
it and we haven't figured we're going to
confirm this yet but think that the more
people you have in your group the less
you'll be sharing together so it's
always good to keep your group small
enough
yeah that's pretty much what Wendy's
battles look like sorry for the bad
frame right there but